# Online-Hall-Ticket-Generator
Generates Hall ticket when student registers for their main and supplementary examinations of their college. The hall ticket generated can be downloaded as a pdf.
Online Hall Ticket Generation System is a website which handles the every tedious and complex process handled during the examination times by the exam cell of a college. It has 2 modules in it.
MAIN Examination:
It allows the user to register for their main exams by providing details and payment. Based on the semester they are currently pursuing which is present in data base record already our website displays the subjects they are going to write in Main Examinations. Once the payment is done it displays your hall ticket which can be viewed or downloaded. If the user forgets to download then he/ she need not be worried they can once login with their name and roll number if the payment is done it directly shows your hall ticket.
SUPPLY Examination:
 It allows the user to register for their upcoming Supply exams by providing details and payment. Based on the semester they are currently pursuing which is present in data base record already, that decides what semester backlogs they are going to write. Suppose if they are currently pursuing odd semester then they can write only odd semester backlogs, if even semester they can write all semesters backlogs. Once the payment is done it displays your hall ticket which can be viewed or downloaded. If the user forgets to download then he/ she need not be worried they can once login with their name and roll number if the payment is done it directly shows your hall ticket.
